docs: sso group sync and supabase attribute mapping (#3803)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/jit-invite-sso.mdx

SCIM group membership overrides manually assigned roles or roles assigned via JIT provisioning. If you're using SCIM, consider disabling JIT provisioning to avoid conflicts.
</Note>

## SSO Groups Sync

> [SSO Groups Sync](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative) is an alternative to SCIM that reads group memberships from the SSO token at login time and assigns org and workspace roles using the SCIM naming convention. It runs after JIT/invite resolution on each login and is authoritative only for memberships it created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SSO Groups Sync](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative) is an alternative to SCIM that reads group memberships from the SSO token at login time and assigns org and workspace roles using the SCIM naming convention. The sync runs after JIT and invite resolution on each login, and owns only the memberships it created.
```
What do you think? Makes the subject of that sentence less vague

**Precedence with JIT, invites, and SCIM:**

- **SCIM-sourced** memberships are never modified by SSO Groups Sync.
- **SSO Groups Sync–sourced** memberships are fully replaced on each login based on the token's group membership.

> - **Manual and JIT-provisioned** memberships are untouched by SSO Groups Sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Manual and JIT-provisioned** memberships are not modified by SSO Groups Sync.
```

> We recommend choosing one of SCIM or SSO Groups Sync per organization, not both, to avoid confusing precedence behavior. See [SSO Groups Sync](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative) for configuration and tradeoffs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend choosing one of SCIM or SSO Groups Sync per organization, not both, to avoid confusing precedence behavior. For configuration and tradeoffs, refer to [SSO Groups Sync](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative).
```
